Add disk space issue to common issues. (#1618)
docksal/docksal: docs/content/troubleshooting/common-issues.md

fin exec COMPOSER_MEMORY_LIMIT=-1 composer
```

If you are still having memory issues, see [Out-of-memory Issues](/troubleshooting/common-issues/#issue-03).

## Issue 19. Out of disk space

Out of disk issues may manifest in many ways. One is:

```
ERROR 1114 (HY000) at line xxxx: The table 'xxxx' is full
```

> You can diagnose this issue with `fin exec df -lh`. If a disk shows close to 100% usage it's time to expand it.

Reviewer: Add a comma => If a disk shows close to 100% usage, it's time to expand it.

Author: ```suggestion
You can diagnose this issue with `fin exec df -lh`. If a disk shows close to 100% usage, it's time to expand it.
```

Author: @shelane thanks! I've addressed this below.

> You can diagnose this issue with `fin exec df -lh`. If a disk shows close to 100% usage it's time to expand it.

Author: ```suggestion
You can diagnose this issue with `fin exec df -lh`. If a disk shows close to 100% usage, you'll need to either [clean up your projects](https://docs.docksal.io/core/vm/#free-up-space-in-virtualbox-vm-docker-for-mac-or-docker-for-windows) or expand the disk.
```
